Licensing Information For Commercial Users
------------------------------------------

SCIP and SoPlex can be used without charge exclusively for academic
purposes. ZIB also promotes the transfer of mathematics into
industrial applications and is interested in commercial applications
of SCIP and SoPlex.

If you are applying SCIP/SoPlex in such a context, you need a
commercial license from ZIB. The basic conditions for such a license
are laid out in the following.


1. When a Commercial License is Needed

   The basic rule is: whenever you add value by using SCIP/SoPlex, you
   need a license. There are two kinds of licenses.

   A development license is needed if SCIP/SoPlex is used internally
   in your company. Such a license is needed for:
     - developing nonacademic software which uses SCIP/SoPlex,
     - selling results that were obtained by using SCIP/SoPlex, and
     - using SCIP/SoPlex internally for nonacademic purposes.

   A deployment license is needed if you are selling a product that
   includes (parts of) SCIP/SoPlex. In this case, you need to obtain
   one deployment license per copy of your product that you sell.


2. License Fees

   The license for SCIP includes the license for SoPlex as well, but
   you can also obtain a license for SoPlex alone.

   - A development license costs about 2000 Euro.
   - Additional deployment licenses cost about 1000 Euro per copy sold;
     for larger quantities the fee reduces.
   
   The fees can be reduced in special situations, depending on
   negotiation. This point might apply, for example, if the price of
   the original product is small or SCIP/SoPlex is used within an
   academic cooperation.

   A particular situation that has to be negotiated is when you are
   member of an academic institution and are applying for grants for which
   SCIP/SoPlex is an integral part.

   All fees do not include taxes.

3. Overview of Licensing Conditions

   A development license grants your company a perpetual and non
   exclusive right to use SCIP/SoPlex within your company.
   A deployment license allows your company to sell one copy of a
   product which includes (parts of) SCIP/SoPlex or modifications
   thereof in binary form.

   Your company does not have the right to distribute a general
   purpose MIP, LP, or CP library or an MIP/LP/CP solver based on
   SCIP/SoPlex. ZIB's own rights to use and distribute SCIP/SoPlex are
   not affected by this agreement.

   ZIB takes no guarantee for the function of SCIP/SoPlex, and no
   liability for any consequences that the use of SCIP/SoPlex in
   products of your company or at your company itself may have.
   ZIB also does not guarantee that SCIP/SoPlex is useful for any
   purpose whatsoever.


4. Maintenance And Support

   SCIP/SoPlex is sold "as is", no release is provided.

   ZIB is an academic institution and not a commercial company. We do
   not offer maintenance nor support. We are, however, always
   interested in reported bugs and will try to fix them, but we will
   not guarantee to do so.


5. Evaluation Licenses

   ZIB may grant an evaluation license for a limited time upon request
   that allows to test SCIP/SoPlex for internal purposes. We of course
   hope that this will lead to a regular license.
